Who should fucking lose me 20,000 yuan.
Who should accompany me to live in Xinjiang?
I also thought of bringing you a fish hat.
I was so excited.
Hello, has Wang Wangqing’s project been stopped yet?
Notification has been sent out.
Why are people in Wang Qing still in a high mood?
Maybe I'm still chatting, so I'll push it again.
Oops hahahaha
Pretend to keep going
I really thought you were some kind of big boss
My eyes hurt when I act
I might as well tell you
Destroy the sky with big red letters
It’s already written on the wall of our house
If you can stop the whole Wang Hechui plan to dismantle the sky,
Yeah, come on down. I'll call you daddy.
No, no need to call me daddy
I don’t have an unfilial son like you
Why are you looking for death?
Something big will happen at home in the future